oh hey y'all good to see you back that
was a great first half but I hope your
bladder is empty and your beers full cuz
we got a whole nother second half coming
up for y'all right so sit tight before
we get that you know I wanted to try my
hand at this here filmmaking business so
we made us a little extra for you I hope
y'all enjoy it you know in fly-fishing I
think everybody kind of progresses you
know along the same lines there's stages
if you will you know a fly-fishing you
start out the bottom you get your first
rod you get that beginner stage and
you're really working on learn how to
cast and hopefully catch a fish here or
there and and you get on up into that
intermediate stage and then you're
fine-tuning your cash you know trying to
make sure you can put the flour needs to
be make sure you can manipulate it the
way it needs being to manipulate it and
eventually work your way on up into
expert and you know that point you ought
to be able to hit anything at you know
normal distances and be able to do what
you need to do as well as understand you
know fly-fishing understand what the
fish are doing and understand the
environment you're at and and if you get
real good at that you push right on up
into awesome and and awesome you know
we're talking like backhanding 120 feet
right on the laid up Tarpons face
awesome that's good but you know the
next level is epic epic and to get to
epic man you got to push the boundaries
you got to do something nobody ever done
before and I feel like I've been stuck
at awesome for a long time and I'm
getting pretty tired of being awesome
you know I want to be epic epic so come
up with this in the you know in a dream
one time you know that something my
thought would be cool that nobody's ever
done before and you know it's gonna take
a lot of work it's gonna take a lot of
research and time but you know I figured
I could pull it off
so I did the did the research did the
work you know and there's a lot of
physics at play here man I mean this is
some Isaac Newton level stuff like the
way this has all got to come together
it's got to be perfect and it's just not
meant to do what I'm asking it to do God
knows only how long he had really
thought about it
so it took a lot of effort you know a
lot of math figure that part of it out
but once I got that figured out I knew I
needed you know this is a team sport you
know team sport gotta have help so I
called up the only guy I thought could
pull this off you know I called him up
about three in the morning and and told
him my plan and said
Jonathan I need you to I need you to
make this happen he said well Mike you
know I want to be epic - epic and I feel
like we can be epic together so after
after we had that conversation he says I
know just the place if you can do it if
you can sling it I know the place
they'll eat it so we got up it like
crack of dawn I mean it must have been
like before crack it on I don't even
know what time it wasn't we met at the
boat landing about noon we came down to
this rant and we put in and we ran way
up into this really remote area I'd
never even seen it before
Plum Island and you know being awesome I
thought I'd seen everything but I hadn't
so he took us up in there and man we
must uphold for he was days you know we
had to pull I don't know maybe maybe 12
or 13 minutes I don't even know it we
were pulling and pulling and I you know
and and all the time being on point
being on vigilance you know but surely
enough man after a couple days of Poland
you know these fish started coming down
the bank they were coming hard man like
Kate class submarines pushing down the
bank shrimp busting everywhere and you
know I took that that popping cork rig
and I laid it right on his nose with
that eight wait man I mean just as
pretty as you please backhand and does
not work
and sure enough he chopped it man just
the hammer
thanks buddy
sometimes they just come on button at
the boat you know you can do all the
epicness and all the awesomeness and and
be left empty-handed but sometimes it
works out got to keep an open loop when
you throw in a puppet yeah that'll go
her how to tag in her back cuz I got me
a free t-shirt for that one I can use
some new t-shirts I got a couple every
time I put them on my dog tries to hump
me I guess I stink
quietest approaching on the man popping
cork on floor on I mean don't get no
quieter than that just listen to that
thing anyway here like a stealth bomber
I go bomb some a raps
declaring jihad on redfish oh that's way
to the rat and not even halfway long
enough gotta get good pop on it that's
the secret
pop the cork on the fly sir I actually
had no intention in this working I've
been doing it wrong all these years I
mean they're good tank that's good
yeah I'm gonna definitely to hand gap on
this punch few holes in and teaching to
calm down okay
secret fly right there got to work it
under pop a cork on an eighth wait Jimmy
Houston makes your feathers ruffled up I
want to be epic - and I feel like we can
be epic together alright I gotta back oh
you can just leave it on you can cut all
this out